add set delivered message docs (#4192)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _tutorials_tabbed_content/client-sdk/guides/messaging/delivered-set-status/javascript.md

---
title: Javascript
language: javascript
menu_weight: 1
---

```javascript
conversation.on('message', (sender, event) => {

>     // Can't set your own text status to seen

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Can't set your own message status to delivered
```
